my simple my creation to get it's our
next direct migration database system
for the source we're gonna pick on us
access choose the file go it's the
construction company one there's no user
and password
so I should complete a select the
database next
next
my problems objects online you can also
create the sequel statement won't do
that - I'm gonna put it on my desktop
okay
says my greater than critical tables so
let's go check it out see I got to
remove this face is there is
construction company there's all the
tables that's pretty simple let's look
at the desktop
here's your huh
Seco code
man look at that table it's good like
a lot of different indexes on it